High to wrap up this section we'll have a look at module's now.
Modularity is something that is supported by typescript and we will use modules a lot for the scores
.
This file is roughly.
I only want to show you how we will basically tell typescript to a certain class or variable or what
ever should be available outside of the file where it lives in by default if we don't have to export
keyword.
We can only use this class inciters file by adding this export keyword.
We're able to use it in Arafat's not in much leverage.
We use an English shoe.
It's all driven by the fact that we in this course use system just to load our javascript files in which
are different parts live.
But we need to export key word for this to actually work correctly.
And so that you're able to use a service which is an old file in a component which lives in a number
of files so much hilarity is really about splitting up or code over several files and have that work
together seamlessly through well through typescript and through a yes or our system lower tier system
.
Yes or no.
So through here you could of course talk more detail but you will work your way from this course.
It's only important that you understand that we're exporting everything basically because we're not
separating parts of our app in files which live on the road.
But all these files need to be able to work together.
And therefore we're using expert keyword and this module driven approach to share the code basically
.
So that was a real quick with you but that's just not recognized as x.
The key word here was that this should be a basic introduction to typescript which should allow you
to follow this course smoothly.
I guess if you feel that something is missing or that you want to dive deeper into a certain topic attached
to this section you'll find the document with additional links leading to the very good handbook and
typescript.
And of course you do not.
I mean by the way which might allow you to get a deeper understanding see and our readers by